README.md, before:

# Malware Analysis Final Project
Static Analysis Tool

Khoa Do, Scott Hunt, Casey Schablein, Noah Trenaman


## Setup
Assuming the project is currently in a zip folder
1. Unzip / Extract to a location of your choosing. You should see two folders called `examples`, `function_tables` and two .py files called `static_analyzers.py` and `main.py`
    -`static_analyzers.py` contains the functions that the main program will use for static analysis
    -`main.py` is the main program, handling CLI, directory creation and converting functions to byte code
    -`examples` is the folder containing the .py files that has the functions we want to disassemble. We have supplied some files for easy testing.
    -`function_tables` is the folder containing the disassembled information of a function. This is dynamically created by the program but has been supplied ahead of time for easy testing.
2. Execute!

## Executing the Program

1. Open the terminal
2. CD into the folder containing `main.py` 
3. Execute `main.py` using the `python` command

##### Options 
- `-U` : This option is for checking if a function has any unused variables on the stack
- `-C` : This option is gathering all the constants in a function
- `-R` : This option is for checking if a function is recursive, returns the name if so

Example:

Running this command...
```shell
PS C:\Users\user1\Malware-Final-Project> python main.py -U "unused_sum_function"     
```
...will output this
```shell
Checking for any unused variables on the stack...
Unused variable(s) found:
['unused', 'unused2', 'unused3']    
```

Commit message:

Added more detail to CLI output

README.md, after:

# Malware Analysis Final Project
Static Analysis Tool

Khoa Do, Scott Hunt, Casey Schablein, Noah Trenaman


## Setup
Assuming the project is currently in a zip folder
1. Unzip / Extract to a location of your choosing. You should see two folders called `examples`, `function_tables` and two .py files called `static_analyzers.py` and `main.py`
    -`static_analyzers.py` contains the functions that the main program will use for static analysis
    -`main.py` is the main program, handling CLI, directory creation and converting functions to byte code
    -`examples` is the folder containing the .py files that has the functions we want to disassemble. We have supplied some files for easy testing.
    -`function_tables` is the folder containing the disassembled information of a function. This is dynamically created by the program but has been supplied ahead of time for easy testing.
2. Execute!

NOTE: For sake of time, we manually added the functions you can disassemble (taken from the code in the "examples" folder). In the future, this would and SHOULD be abstract enough to input any function without the need to specify in the code.
 
## Executing the Program

1. Open the terminal
2. CD into the folder containing `main.py` 
3. Execute `main.py` using the `python` command

##### Options 
- `-U` : This option is for checking if a function has any unused variables on the stack
- `-C` : This option is gathering all the constants in a function
- `-R` : This option is for checking if a function is recursive, returns the name if so

Example:

Running this command...
```shell
PS C:\Users\user1\Malware-Final-Project> python main.py -U "unused_sum_function"     
```
...will output this
```shell
Checking for any unused variables on the stack...
Unused variable(s) found:
['unused', 'unused2', 'unused3']    
```
